# DSGN A-4: Business Synopsis

# Joel Kaye

## Business
Cococo Chocolaterie 

## Website Link
https://cococochocolatiers.com/

## Business Goal Summery
To sell more chocolate!

## Questions

### Acquisition
Cococo is a chocolatier company based in Calgary, AB. They're one of the most established chocolate companies in the city and have been in operation for over 10 years. They have numerous brick and mortar storefronts which helps their organic exposure to customers which acts as their primary means of customer acquisition. They are active on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram but those sites main effort is to get customers to the website where they offer an email subscription sign up.

Cococo is primarily a B2B business since their focus is on their storefront marketing. They do have a B2C component though as they sell product to grocery stores.

### Activation
Cococo primarily relies on word of mouth marketing and a minimal amount of digital advertising. Most first time customers are likely to encounter the product through a friend who gave them a sample or from an in store impulse purchase.

Measuring first time customers would likely be difficult to do effectively from in store purchases. You could potentially track them through a customer loyalty program that tracked order histories. If the customer was shopping online you could easily put in an option for users to click if this was their first purchase. Though that would require users to ensure they were providing acturrate information. Otherwise you could require users to create accounts in order to purchase and put in a feature to track order history.

### Retention
For online customers, a returning customer would be someone who comes back to the site to make a second purchse. Again, returning customers could be tracked if they were required to create accounts in order to purchase.

Creating such a program would also help customer retention by incorporating a rewards program that gives customers discounts or free product when they reach milestone purchases.

One time customers could be tracked by creating an app that if an account makes a purchase and then goes dorment for a 3 month period they would automatically receieve an email with a disount code to help entice them to make another purchase. 

### Referral
Customers can be encouraged to become champions of the product by running a a social media campaign asking fans to make posts promoting cococo's product for a chance to win free chocolate.

This program would need to be monitered by a key team member.

### Revenue
Revenue would naturally be generated by turning website or social media leads into sales. The conversion and ROI rates could be quantified by using targeted links in social media posts that are trackable for time spent on site and sales conversions.
